{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13200\viewh13260\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Meeting of 16th Mar 2017 via Skype\
\
Attended - Dave, Willey, Louise, Selene\
\
Agreed on:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Github: push all work in progress files onto GitHub repo.\
{\listtext	2.	}Flask - Louise to setup index.html file and look at json files for weather and bikes from Dave and Selene.\
{\listtext	3.	}Bike data - Selene to email all work in progress files to team, json files for Louise.\
{\listtext	4.	}Weather data - Dave  to get weather data, json files for Louise. Look at EC2.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	5.	}Website - Willey to take javascripts and json from Selene and Dave, and work on index.html with weather icons etc.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Next Meeting\
Thursday 23rd, 10:00 am.\
}